Okay, I give you a great example of what? What's What was a typical day?
Um, I would like to say we we were pulling into maybe Panama on deployment.
And we needed this, like, this part that it weighed about
£200 to We had to get it from off the ship, which was on the pier to
the folks off the front of the ship all the way to the bottom of the
ship in order to have an install. But this part weighed about £200.
So I just come off watch and we were rounding up, you know, everyone
to see if we can get this thing down there. And it took us about
15 20 minutes to round up everyone because people are scattered throughout
the ship. So once we got everybody rounded up, um, we located
a like a shaft that leads all the way to the bottom of the ship from
the folks. So the idea was to have a crane load the part onto the
folks and lower it down for us. Easy day. Well, wow. The crane was
like bringing the part on board the shaft on the crane broke, so they
had to set the crane down. So it was. It ended up on the folks who
but we still had to get to the bottom of ship. This thing weighed about
£200 of dead weight. So we were, um actually, you know, being rushed.
And, you know, the captain just kind of walked through and just
kind of noticed, like, what was going on. So he ended up giving me
that look like you know what you're gonna do now, right? So we had
everybody there, So we grabbed a boast of mate and asked him to tie
a few nights. And we are tired of the part, and it took probably about
10 of us, and we horsed it down. I think it was about maybe, like,
seven flights of, uh, upstairs or something to, like, lower it down
to the bottom of that ship. And after that, we ended up going to
another evolution because we were inter import. So we had thio get out
how the hospital service is hooked up and you know your water and
fresh water. You're great water and all that kind of stuff. It was
just like a typical day, you know,